Examples refresh (#955)
radiantearth/stac-spec: examples/README.md

due to the fact that they contrive examples to show the spec and we are hosting in GitHub. But we note below where they differ from an ideal catalog.

The various fields are mostly fictional, to be able to demonstrate the various aspects of the spec as tersely as possible. To get a sense
of real world STAC implementations we recommend exploring the [stac-examples](http://github.com/stac-utils/stac-examples) repo, which 
gathers in one place copies of STAC [Items](../item-spec/item-spec.md) and [Collection](../collection-spec/collection-spec.md) 
from a number of different production catalogs that all follow good STAC practices. And you should also explore the various catalogs
listed on [STAC Index](http://stacindex.org), to see full catalogs in production.

## Organization

This directory contains two STAC implementations, both valid, but simplified a bit from following all the best practices. 

> ### Simple Collection

Reviewer: Why is this called "Simple Collection"?

Author: It's the name of the collection - a simple example of a collection. I could call it 'demo collection' or something...

This STAC implementation consists of three files, all contained at the root of the examples directory

**[collection.json](collection.json)** is a minimal Collection, that links to three items. 

**[simple-item.json](simple-item.json)** is the most minimal possible compliant Item record. Most all data will
include additional fields, as STAC is designed to be a minimal common subset. But it is useful for showing exactly what is
required.

> **[full-item.json](full-item.json)** is a more realistic example, for a hypothetical analytic image 

Reviewer: The name sounds a bit weird. Is full < extended? Full sounds "all in", but then below it is extended? If it's just core, maybe core-item?

Author: Yeah, that sounds good, will change.

acquisition from a satellite company called 'Remote Data'. It includes additional fields covering the [common 
metadata](../item-spec/common-metadata.md). It also links to a variety of assets that is typical for
satellite imagery, as most providers include a number of complementary files.

**[extended-item.json](extended-item.json)** is arguably an even more realistic example, as it includes a number of the
[extensions](../extensions/) that are commonly used, to demonstrate how implementations tend to start with the core, and add in
a number of the core extensions. 

**[collectionless-item.json](collectionless-item.json)** demonstrates the common metadata that is only used when an Item does not have 
a collection. It is recommended to organize items in collections, but we wanted to show how this works. This is not technically in the

> 'simple collection', but it follows the same pattern, so is included here.

Reviewer: What is the "simple collection"?

### Nested Catalog

This STAC implementation shows a common pattern, starting with a catalog that links to a number of distinct collections, which may
link down to a number of items.

**[catalog.json](catalog.json)** is a minimal catalog implementation, linking to two other collections.

> **[collection-only/collection.json](collection-only/collection.json)** is a collection that does not link to any items. This

Reviewer: Maybe I don't understand the structure, but why is this part of the "Nested Catalog" chapter?

Author: Because catalog.json links to it. 

There are two valid STAC's in the directory, that can be put in stac index. The collection-only one is in the one that starts with catalog.json, so it's in that section.

Reviewer: I'd really put each example in a separate directory. I find this structure very confusing and not intuitive. Also, it would allow us to follow the best practices better (i.e. collections are called collection.json, items use the id, etc.)

tools that work with full layers / collections. This example collection is based on real Sentinel-2 values, so is not quite fictional,
but should be taken as just an example.

**[extensions-collection/collection.json](extensions-collection/collection.json)** contains a small number of items, that demonstrate
more functionality available in STAC [extensions](../extensions/). These are linked to directly from the individual extensions. These
items follow the recommendations for [Catalog Layout Best Practices](../best-practices.md#catalog-layout).

## In Depth

As mentioned above, the files in this examples directory form valid STAC implementations. They are all based on a 
fictional remote sensing company called 'Remote Data', with a URL at remotedata.io. This domain has not been set up, so those links
will not work, but any valid data provider should provide valid links to their homepage. 

The examples use the `rd:` prefix to show how providers can use custom fields when there are not set fields. In the examples these
do not link to a schema which is completely valid, but it is recommended that providers do write a JSON schema that can validate 

> their custom fields (we will work to add a schema in the future). 

Reviewer: > (we will work to add a schema in the future). 

What is meant with that? We add a "template schema" for other extensions to follow? We add a schema for the rd extension?

Author: Add a schema for the rd extension. Will clarify.

feasible, as it will help ensure various STAC tools work much better. The examples in this folder don't align with all the best
practices, mostly because they are meant to demonstrate things as tersely as possible, and also because they live directly inside
a github repository. As many people will look at these examples and take them as 'how things should be' we felt its important to
highlight where things here differ from the actual best practices.

#### Relative vs Absolute Links

One of the [main recommendations](../best-practices.md#use-of-links) of the best practices document is to aim for consistency in 
the use of relative versus absolute links. STAC implementations should use relative and absolute links as recommended by one of
the 'catalog types': '[self-contained](../best-practices.md#self-contained-catalogs)', or '[published](../best-practices.md#published-catalogs)' - absolute or relative. 

The catalogs contained here don't follow any of the recommendations in full. They are closest to a 'relative published catalog',
as they use a self link at the root and then mostly have relative links. This enables them to be mostly portable, while also having

> a stable online location that can be referenced. But they use absolute links to their assets, due to the fact that they are stored in 

Reviewer: Talking about this is a bit confusing. This sounds like absolute assets is something not so good although it's totally valid, e.g. if a catalog links to s3 buckets from a HTTP catalog why is that not a best practice? Couldn't we make one of the best practices work in GH? We can get predictable URLs from tags...

Author: Oh yeah, we talked this - decided we should have a new category of 'self-contained catalog' that includes absolute url's. Just like we have 'relative' and 'absolute' published catalogs we can have a distinction for self-contained ones, if the assets are relative or absolute.

github and we do not want to replicate the large asset files in every branch in github. A true relative published catalog will only
have absolute links for the self, so that the rest is completely portable. 

#### Catalog Layout

> Another important recommendations concerns the [layout of STAC catalogs](../best-practices.md#catalog-layout). This is important

Reviewer: Why not just add a folder? It's just a single folder, right?

Author: I thought it was nice to come to a directory and see key examples right there. To be able to open them easily and compare, instead of having to dig through directories. I think with best practices we'd add a folder for each item, so it's more than a single folder.

Reviewer: Indeed, it's a folder per item. So it depends on the outcome of #984? If we deploy and add the assets, then it would make sense to actually follow the best practices. If there's no assets, it doesn't make much sense to add a folder per item.

Nevertheless, I found the structure at the moment a bit confusing because there's no clear separation at first glance (GH schows you the files first and then you see the README)

Author: Yeah, I agree that if we deploy and add assets it would make sense to follow the best practices, at least in the deployed version. I think that tells a nice story - in github it's a self-contained catalog, for local use, and it's maybe a bit more ok that it's not quite best practices. But publishing would use pystac or another tool to format and publish, which would use the best practices, which is where it's more important to follow all the 'rules' - when you're exposing to the world.

# STAC Examples

> This directory contains various examples for all parts of the STAC specification. It is structured to be a valid STAC, meaning
> it should successfully load in various tools. It does not follow *all* the [best practices](../best-practices.md) for STAC, mostly
> due to the fact that it's a necessarily contrived example to show the spec, and to do it in github. But we note below where it differs
> from an ideal catalog.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This directory contains various examples for all parts of the STAC specification. It is structured to be two valid STACs, meaning both [catalog.json](catalog.json) and [collection.json](collection.json) should successfully load in various tools. They do not follow *all* the [best practices](../best-practices.md) for STAC, mostly
due to the fact that they contrive examples to show the spec and we are hosting in GitHub. But we note below where they differ from an ideal catalog.
```
